After a moment of consideration while laying in my very comfy... very...

Wow, holy shit, is it just me or does it feel more comfortable than usual...?

I think I'm-

*6 hours and multiple missed calls later...*

Mmmhh, what time is it...?

I turn over to my right side and see my alarm clock displaying 2:46 PM, my eyes widening.

Holy shit, I skipped school.

I grab my phone from the end table and check my notifications, scrolling through the list of calls from the school.

Huh. Oh well. This can't possibly come back to bite me in the ass, right?

As I sit up in my bed, my stomach rumbles like a fuckin' lion, clearly telling me "u should eat somethin' dipshit".

I get up and go to my fridge to find any food and... I forgot to get food again?? Damn, that's the second time this month.

Well, might as well get some clothes on and head out to the store.

I prep to go out, and lock my door, starting my short trek for food.

A few minutes later down the block, I'm nearing the store, my stomach still raging for sustanance.

*A small explosion can be heard to your right, down a strangely dark alleyway.*

What the fuck was that?

I turn to my right and see nothing but pitch darkness... in the afternoon? The buildings aren't even that tall.

I try to look into the alleyway, but my gut's telling me "food".

Screw it, curiosity never killed the cat. I think? Shit, maybe I shouldn'tve skipped school. Eh, whatever.

I walk into the alleyway, surrounded by darkness. Okay that sounds pretty edgy, uhhh...

I walk into the very poggers alleyway, surrounded by a very light darkness. Alright that makes no sense whatsoever.

Maybe if I we-

Skill: "hey"

HOLY SHI-

Skill: "yuo wanna"

Skill: "mini pipe bomb"

Player: "... What?"

The strange girl hands me... a mini pipe bomb. It's very tiny. Almost cute, if it wasn't destructive.

Skill: "pipe bobms are cool"

Player: "Uhhh... sure... who are you?"

Skill: "skill issue"

Player: "... That's not a name though..."

Skill: "its mine"

Player: "Um, alright. Can I just call you Skill for short?"

Skill: "throw the bomb"

Player: "Can't you answer my question first?"

Skill: "bomb now"

Player: "Okay fine, but where? I'm not throwing it if someone's gonna ge-"

Skill takes out a mini pipe bomb from their pocket and throws it at a wall, creating a mini-explosion and leaving a small mark on the wall.

Oh. I thought that would've exploded a lot... bigger. But hey, small expectations for small packages. Thank god I don't have a small package.

Skill: "throw the bomb now"

Skill points to the wall, just below where she threw hers.

I slightly wind my arm back, and toss the bomb at the wall, watching it explode.

Player: "Huh. That was neat."

Skill: "bombs are neat. throw another?"

Player: "... Sure, why not."

Skill hands me another, and I throw it at the wall again. Something about it is just... kinda satisfying.

An hour passes without me knowing and I've thrown countless bombs at the wall with Skill. The wall is covered in black and crumbled brick-parts litter the ground.

Player: "Hey, that was fun, but I gotta get going. I've got food to eat, since I'm starving."

Skill: "ok. come back to throw more bombs?"

Player: "Yeah, absolutely. Catch you later."

I wave goodbye to Skill and walk out of the alleyway and get back on track, my stomach punching the shit out of me for taking longer with the food.

